Revamped React Native Getting Started Guide (#3866)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/start/getting-started/reactnative/build.mdx

## What we'll build

This tutorial guides you through setting up a backend and integrating that backend with your React Native app. You will create a “Todo app” using Amplify DataStore to store and retrieve items in a cloud database, as well as receive updates over a realtime subscription.

What you will do:

> * Set up a ReactNative application configured with Amplify

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
* Set up a React Native application configured with Amplify
```
